the stock markets in the US have
performed well as of late all thanks to
the assumption that taxation will be
reduced thereby supporting businesses
this bull market cannot be sustained on
assumptions alone we need to see
substance the Dow Jones has just done
something it hasn't since
1987 you came here for the truth so let
me unveil that for you let's look at
this versus
1987 we're going to talk about the stock
markets today we are going to talk about
housing and a few other issues let's get
right into it out of
CNBC with the uh 10 Dow records in a row
it wouldn't be a surprise if wall
Street's bull caught its breath in the
near future this actually also Al
includes a video where they interviewed
Mark Faber who said that at this time
the market is
overbought it's simply a bull market
which needs to have a little bit of
retracement it's just a natural event
that needs to occur even if you're on
the bullish side stocks closed mix
Thursday but the Dow was the leader in
its longest streak of record closes
since the first 13 trading days of
1987 Traders often wins when 1987 is
mentioned since it's remembered as the
year of the famous October stock market
crash so just a little side note the Dow
closing in on
21,000 huge numbers happening right here
in the US Stock markets that's for sure
one of the points that is made is that
other stock markets around the world
despite what you've seen with the US
Stock markets others around the world
have actually outperformed it that's
just interesting always to put it into
perspective I do believe that is very
very key because you could say look
inflation is low other people other
people will say inflation is high but
it's all relative relative to the other
nations Rel Rel ative historically you
need to address it like that you know if
we look and say interest rates are
currently 0% or
1% you just immediately have an opinion
of it well if the entire world is at 0%
suddenly things are just average that
seems to be the new normal you have to
sort of look at things all relative
again I believe that's key okay then we
move on to this article from way way
back when
1987 stocks plunged
58 points a drop of
22.6% Imagine That imagine the Dow Jones
today dropping
22.6% I mean that would
just shatter the
markets
604 million volume nearly doubles the
record nearly doubling the record in one
day so you have a record drop in a day
and the volume as well a huge blow this
is the other point I wanted to make to
The Five-Year bull market so everyone's
thinking oh it's great it's great it's
great it's great and then all of a
sudden it just comes down so look at
this chart here it's going up and along
the way there are dips you know this and
that and the direction though is clearly
upward and in literally one day stock
goes down stock market in as a
whole one of the things that I
read was
that you basically had nobody to sell to
and that's the challenge people believe
that they will be able to get out when
times are tough but look at this as the
perfect example of how that may not be
the case it happened in one day what if
it didn't happen in one day and it
happen over the course of a week or two
weeks many people think they'll be able
to sell off but that isn't the way it
works they're always has to be a buyer
on the other side you need to be able to
sell that share it's not just an
automated process there there is a whole
bunch of things involved in that yes
it's all computers now that would take
care of this all but you have to
remember it's not going to happen the
way you like
it very important to know let's look at
oil the US exported a record
amount of crude oil topping a million
barrels a day for the second week
filling the Gap in the world markets
created by the OPEC cutback so there it
is keeping the price of oil subdued
or that's what they call it anyway Shale
and other us producers sent 1.2 million
barrels of crude onto the world
markets that's up 200 Barrel 200,000
barrels Opex got a competitor they
certainly have to be concerned about the
US oil producers eating to their market
share it is important to note
that with Shale with fr
backing they've opened up a whole new
market so you take that the way it
is all I wanted to say is that from my
research into fracking it just seems to
be very dangerous that's the consensus
that I have
found and this is you know surface level
information I'm seeing reports
of earthquakes in places that never used
to get earthquakes and now all of a
sudden they have like a 100 earthquakes
a day and then you have other towns that
are hearing all these weird sounds all
the time and I don't know if that's
linked I don't know but I'm just finding
that there's a lot of weird things going
on under the Earth
and they have linked it to the all the
fracking that's been going on I don't
know I just I think it's a little
worrisome that's
all for years Millennials looked at
owning a home as a distant fantasy
student
debt and weak jobs Market seem to
conspire to keep this generation stuck
in their parents' basements if not
permanently locked out of the housing
market think about how many people you
know which are just graduating or
they've graduated they can't find work
and perhaps they get into their first
job are they able to move out
into a house any sort of property or do
they have to live with their parents for
an extended period of time or do they
have to live in some sort of um
Cooperative type housing this is
becoming a very big Trend and what they
suggest in this is that the housing
market has the fewest homes available
for sale on record this video here is
Apparently one after the other of record
record
record those that are for sale are
increasingly priced at values
inaccessible to firsttime buyers and we
are talking about here in the US you
look at it in Canada and you know take
the few top major cities and you see
something that's to suggest it's
inaccessible is really understated it as
a result the housing market is booming
for those with cash to spare but not for
the Millennials so you have to think
where are they going to be able to buy
their homes you know the rental prices
have increased dramatically people are
buying homes foreigners are buying homes
people that are are living within the
country are buying homes and it's
happening now
apparently um you know fewest homes
available on record does that mean
there's less being purchased I think
these numbers might be a little bit
skewed but it's interesting to say the
least I least wanted to acknowledge the
fact that people getting into the
workforce now are unable to buy homes
just a
fact most borrowers whether they are
purchasing property or refinancing their
home Focus their mortgage
rate and loan terms rather than the type
of lender they choose and basically
saying you know for most people it
doesn't really matter but if you go to
the big Banks you may not get the best
rate and what we have seen here at the
bottom paragraph in
50% of all new mortgage money was loaned
by the three biggest banks in the US but
by September 2016 the share of these
loans big Banks dropped to
21% less than half so something big has
changed
inside the mortgage market and I do
believe it is a trend now people are
looking for better deals you're going to
find this to be a trend continuing in
the
future this is something that I brought
up uh recently but now it has officially
taken place the shenzen based and listed
Recon holding has taken
51% in Millennium films it's a producer
of the the Expendable series for $100
million the two companies announced on
Thursday so there was initially rumors
they said it was going to happen and now
officially it has happened the Chinese
corporations have been buying into
Hollywood like it's nobody's business
this is going on right now at a rate
that it's weird to me because you look
at it just a few years ago
and it was being
talked about maybe sort of it's
happening but and now it seems like
every couple days I'm seeing some news
of at least talk of it happening and
then you see the deals coming out every
so often it's just accelerating so
rapidly like as if they got an order
from somebody at the top saying okay buy
out the
media it's really strange really really
strange what what's going on
here this here is is something that
they're just dying to do dying to make
this happen boots on the ground in Syria
that's right the top US military officer
declined repeatedly to rule out
committing the US ground troops to
battle the Islamic State in
Syria stressing that the Pentagon will
present Donald Trump with a full range
of options to combat the terror
organization
boots on the ground is obviously
something that they're just dying to
have it is just what the
military-industrial complex salivates
over you don't want to have just drones
you want to have the boots on the ground
that's when you can be really messy up
there so um we'll see if it
happens it will be interesting to see
and to try and take on something like
the Islamic State which is not really
one single entity but it is funded and
trained by your own individuals and then
it's allowed to sort of um spread
organically and that's what's happening
now you're not going to be able to
destroy the boogeyman you're not going
to be able to have a war on
terror you
know it's it's silly anyway let's move
on
project Veritas releases over 100 hours
of audio from inside CNN this is
incredible o'keef is one Brave
individual if you don't know who he is
then you will um have to look him up
it's really amazing Really Brave
individual there's no doubt where he
went both borders went through both
borders from Mexico into the US and from
Canada into the US and he was dressed
like Osama Bin
Laden like an Isis terrorist basically
coming through the borders and filming
the whole ordeal saying that look you
cannot secure these borders it's
impossible showing you the weakness of
the security from both sides of the
border and that's what he really became
famous for showed the voting fraud now
he's released 100 hours over 100 hours
of audio from inside CNN and also what's
important to note is that he offered
$10,000 to anybody who can provide
him media
malens basically said if you see some
corruption going on inside the media let
me know I'll pay you 10 grand if it's
good enough this is going to start some
crazy happenings we're going to see this
information expanded there is no doubt
if you found this video informative
please give me a thumbs up when you give
me a thumbs up it helps to push these
videos up in the YouTube search
rankings if you found the video
informative I know you'll find my book
The Money GPS even more informative so
head over to Amazon they actually have
this look inside feature that will allow
you to flip through the pages of the
book to see if you like it take
care